
Procedures to do:

activateUser				done		works
addToGroup				not done
deleteGroup				not done
DeleteUserAttribute			not done
descExists				not done
editGroup				not done
emailExists				done		works
externalExists				not done
insertNewApplication			not done
InsertNewCourseYear			not done
insertNewGroup				not done
insertNewProject			not done
insertNewType				not done
insertNewUser				not done
InsertUserAttribute			not done
isAdmin					not done
isInGroup				not done
isInProject				not done
isStudent				not done
isTeacher				not done
listApplications			not done
listCouses				not done
listGroupDetails			not done
listGroups				not done
listProjects				not done
listSchools				not done
UpdateUserAttribute			not done